---
title: "Job Hunting"
date: 2019-05-21
tags: [Personal]
header:
  overlay_color: "#333"
excerpt: "My views on job hunting in NYC as a female programmer three years after earning two bachelor's degrees. Yes, this is a rant."
---
<p align="justify">
Hi there! Well, these past few months have been pretty stressful for me. I thought it would be easier after moving back from Connecticut having worked at Aetna. I graduated in 2016 with two bachelor's degrees, one in Computer Science and the other in Applied Mathematics. I worked five long tedious years on these majors as a full-time student while working part-time as an IT College Assistant. I dropped out of the varsity fencing team and stopped going to clubs because I had piled on these classes on myself. I have always been dedicated and I know I can achieve what I want if I work towards it. So after graduating I got hired by Revature as a Full Stack Developer. I worked with several popular technologies such as Spring, Hibernate, ORM, AngularJS, AWS, Jenkins, Eureka, Docker, microservices, Zuul, and many more. However, Revature hires recent graduates in order to train them and then ship them to employers. Now looking back, Revature and many companies like it have something great going on. Recent graduates are desperately looking to label themselves and make all those years of sleepless nights and lack of social life worth it. They would most likely take the first option they get. I said YES quickly to Infosys when they offered me a position in their company. The catch was that I would have to move to Connecticut. I was faced with the biggest and most drastic decision at the time. I ended up thinking that I could not let this job opportunity go by..who else would want a recent graduate? So I packed my bags and kissed my parents goodbye as I headed towards Connecticut in my recently-bought first used car. What followed were two years full of adulting and experiencing what it meant to work for a corporate. I was lucky enough to have two different positions at Aetna, one as Software Developer and the other as Project Manager. I thought I was set when I decided I had enough of being home-sick and alone in Connecticut and moved back to NYC. But it's not the case. It has been non-stop job application submissions, getting to final rounds and getting a NO, and getting overlooked by people with more years of experience. Degrees, surrendering to a job by moving away from those you love, and job titles do NOT owe you anything. YOU have to go out there and get it. Never give up and get defeated by the numerous NO's you will get.
</p>
